Hello everyone and welcome to the first interview problem for the recursions section of this course
where you'll have to reverse a string using recursion.
Before we begin I want to remind you how you can get to this lecture or at least a notebook related
to it once you're at the Python for Algor algorithms data structures interviews repo.
You can go to the recursion folder here you'll see another folder called recursion interview problems
.
You can go in and click it.
You'll see two other folders solutions and then problems go ahead and then click problems and you can
see the for real interview problems set up.
And then we have the reverse a string notebook.
So what I want you to do for this interview question is you're required to reverse a string using recursion
and really make sure you think of what the base case is going to look like here.
So again you have to use recursion.
Don't use slices or use some sort of iteration for this.
You have to use recursion in your function here.
You can fill out your solution below.
And here's an example of it being used reverse takes and a string hello world outputs the reverse of
Hello World.
Once you filled this out you can test your solution by running the cell below here so you can run the
cell to test your function against some test cases.
Here the test cases.
It uses the assert equal as always from those tools to test and you see this print statement passed
all test cases.
If you passed all the test cases.
All right.
So keep in mind you have to use recursion.
There should be another call here of reverse.
Somewhere in this function.
In order for it to be recursive.
Think of what the base case would look like and just take your time with it really focus.
Try timing yourself seek and see how long it takes you and treat it as a real interview question.
All right.
Best of luck.
Remember you can always download the notebook right here with this button on the top right in the Jupiter
viewer or a few forked everything and get her to get her eyeblink here as well.
You can just have it downloaded and then run it locally.
All right thanks everyone.
Best of luck in the next lecture.
We'll go over the solution